Scroll examples have a bad structure in API documentation (#276)
kuzzleio/documentation: src/plugins/1/essentials/getting-started/index.md

---
layout: full.html.hbs
title: Getting started
description: how to create a custom plugin
order: 1
---

> # Plugin Boilerplate

Reviewer: The head title should be identical to the menu entry:

```suggestion
# Getting started
```

cd kuzzle-core-plugin-boilerplate
docker-compose -f docker/docker-compose.yml up
// Kuzzle stack with the plugin is ready
// Edit the file lib/index.js,
// the Kuzzle stack will automaticaly restart to include your modifications
```

> The provided `docker-compose` launches a Kuzzle stack with the `pm2` module, you can:

Reviewer: I think that this needs to be slightly rewritten for more clarity:

```
The provided `docker-compose.yml` file launches a Kuzzle stack with the `pm2` module, with the following features:

- Automated Kuzzle restart every time a change is detected in the plugin code
- Configurable through the parameters set in that `docker-compose.yml` file
```

- Enable hot reload by watching the plugin's files.
- Configure it using the file next to the `docker-compose` inside the docker folder.

The main Plugin class is defined in the `index.js`. You can start edit it adding:

> - [Hooks](../hooks)

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure this kind of link will work

Reviewer 3: it works

Reviewer 2: IMHO it will be better if we keep the same syntax for links across documentation (`{{ site_base_path }}/.../..`

- [Pipes]({{ site_base_path }}plugins/1/essentials/pipes/)
- [Controllers]({{ site_base_path }}plugins/1/essentials/controllers/)
- [Authentication Strategies]({{ site_base_path }}plugins/1/strategies/overview/)

> Since the `init` function is the very first to be called, it's loading the `configuration` and the `context`.

Reviewer 2: Should have a link to the `init` function page

Reviewer 3: The link is 3 lines below

> Since the `init` function is the very first to be called, it's loading the `configuration` and the `context`.

Reviewer: Inverted causes and consequences: it's because we need to provide the configuration and a context to plugins that we ask those to expose an `init` function.

Also, the init function does not load anything, it merely stores what we give to it.

> You can now write your own functions and your own routes as described inside the `index.js`. You can also write unit tests if you're a see `steps.js`.

Reviewer: The second sentence is in engrish, and I'm unable to propose a suggestion because I do not understand what it means :-(

Reviewer 3: :O well seen

<div class="alert alert-info">

> You can find more information about the <code>init</code> function <a href="https://docs.kuzzle.io/plugins/1/plugin-layout/init-function/"> here</a>.

Reviewer 2: dead link

Reviewer 3: Normal, the link will work when the PR will be merged :p

> You can find more information about the <code>init</code> function <a href="https://docs.kuzzle.io/plugins/1/plugin-layout/init-function/"> here</a>.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can find more information about the <code>init</code> function <a href="{{ site_base_path }}plugins/1/plugin-layout/init-function/"> here</a>.
```
